He actually killed a spider spirit during the treat
Who are you?
Grandma, don't go
Take me with you.
One actually ran away
Qin Yu
You collude with goblins to destroy humans
You deserve to die
Killer kill don't kill me
Don't kill me, I'm the victim of their evil woman
I live
I can't help it.
Is that right then you tell me who they are
Hmm I don't know
I don't know.
Ah!
Sister, are you alright?
You should be so sad
I won't forgive you.
I'd like to see why you don't let me go
I was wrong. I was wrong.
Don't kill me don't kill me
I really don't know. I really don't know.
Yu'er
Don't hurt my daughter
Please, you can have anything you want, Dad
Why are you here?
You should go
He will be wronged for this defense
Master Zhang, my son has a naughty personality
Forgot he was in line
Please let my son go
That's all I have.
You are Qin Yu's father
Your son colluded with goblins to murder humans
Suck Human Surprise
You know that's impossible.
He must have been coerced into doing it.
Yes, Dad.
I told him just now that I was a daughter-in-law
He won't listen?
Shu Cheng pitied the hearts of parents all over the world
This Jinyu may have really been coerced
Or forget it
Gemini, he almost took your innocence just now.
Don't you hate him?
Then I'm fine now, aren't I?
More is better than less
Just forget it.
Miss 7, you are really a bodhisattva
I thank you for my son
And Master Zhang
Well, since it's being coerced
Just go
Lest you get caught again later
Yes, yes, yes.
If the spider spirit hadn't run away
Can't catch you all
Will the locals leave you alive?
So be it.
I'm going to see what you're going to do next